This Software License Agreement (the “Agreement”) is a legal agreement between NextGenRf Design, Inc. and you (personally or on behalf of your employer, as applicable) (“Licensee”) for the software and related documentation that accompanies this Agreement (the “Licensed Software”).   YOU AGREE THAT YOU ARE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, COPYING OR USING THE SOFTWARE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO NOT DOWNLOAD, INSTALL, COPY OR USE THE SOFTWARE.   YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU ARE OVER THE AGE OF 18 AND HAVE THE CAPACITY AND AUTHORITY TO BIND YOURSELF OR YOUR EMPLOYER, AS APPLICABLE, TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT.

The Licensed Software consists of (a) embedded software (including firmware) designed to operate in a NextGenRf Design product and / or (b) application software designed to run on personal computers.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
- Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
- Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
- The use of this software may or may not infringe the patent rights of one or more patent holders.  This license does not release you from the requirement that you obtain separate licenses from these patent holders to use this software.
- Use of the software either in source or binary form, must be run on or directly connected to a NextGen RF Design, Inc. product.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY NEXTGEN RF DESIGN "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL NEXTGEN RF DESIGN BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
