docs/build_environment/BuildEnv.md, before:

[![logo](../BytePipe_Logo.png)](../../README.md)

---

# Build Environment

This document describes the build environment for building the BytePipe SDK components.  NextGen RF Design uses Windows 10 for building the HDL and RFLAN components however they can easily be built using a Linux PC.  The Linux components are built using a Linux PC.  The following sections describe the build environment used by NextGen RF Design along with required dependencies.

# Linux PC

There are many Linux distributions and ways to setup a Linux environment including a dedicated machine, virtual machine, or running on top of Windows.  NextGen RF Design uses Ubuntu 18.04.4 running on a dedicated machine for building the Linux application and drivers.  

To install Ubuntu download the 18.04.4 image from [here](http://old-releases.ubuntu.com/releases/18.04.4/).  Next create a bootable USB drive by flashing the downloaded image to the USB drive.  Instructions for flashing a USB drive and installing Ubuntu can be found [here](https://ubuntu.com/tutorials/install-ubuntu-desktop#1-overview).  


Once the Linux system is installed, the following dependencies should be installed as shown below.

```
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt install git
sudo apt-get install build-essential
sudo apt-get install u-boot-tools 
sudo apt install snapd
sudo dpkg-reconfigure dash
```

When running `sudo dpkg-reconfigure dash` select **no** when prompted.  This will disable dash and enable bash.

# Windows PC

For building the HDL on a Windows machine NextGen RF Design uses [Cygwin](https://cygwin.com/install.html).  When installing Cygwin make sure to install the following packages shown below.

```bash
accerciser
alure-utils
checkbashisms
cmake
expect
gcc-tools-epoch2-automake
gnome-python
make
php
ruby
git
wget
unzip
zip
```

# Vivado Design Suite

The Vivado Design Suite from Xilinx must be installed on both the Windows PC and Linux PC.  The Vivado Design Suite includes the Xilinx Eclipse SDK which must be selected during installation.  This repository uses Vivado Design Suite 2021.1.  This can be downloaded and installed from [here](https://www.xilinx.com/support/download/index.html/content/xilinx/en/downloadNav/vivado-design-tools/archive.html).  

If installing vivado on your Linux host machine update the downloaded file to be executable and run.

```
sudo chmod +x Xilinx_Unified_2021.1_0610_2318_Lin64.bin
./Xilinx_Unified_2021.1_0610_2318_Lin64.bin
```

# PetaLinux

The PetaLinux design suite from Xilinx is used to build the Linux Kernel for BytePipe.  PetaLinux must be downloaded and installed on a Linux PC described above.  Once your Linux PC is setup download PetaLinux 2021.1 from the Archive folder [here](https://www.xilinx.com/support/download/index.html/content/xilinx/en/downloadNav/embedded-design-tools/archive.html).  Once PetaLinux is downloaded install the required dependencies followed by PetaLinux itself as shown below.  

Refer to the following petalinux user guide found [here](https://www.xilinx.com/content/dam/xilinx/support/documentation/sw_manuals/xilinx2021_1/ug1144-petalinux-tools-reference-guide.pdf) for additional information.

```
sudo apt-get -y install tofrodos \
    iproute2 \
    gawk \
    make \
    net-tools \
    libncurses5-dev \
    tftpd \
    zlib1g:i386 \
    libssl-dev \
    flex \
    bison \
    libselinux1 \
    gnupg \
    wget \
    diffstat \
    chrpath \
    socat \
    xterm \
    autoconf \
    libtool \
    tar \
    unzip \
    texinfo \
    zlib1g-dev \
    gcc-multilib \
    build-essential \
    screen \
    pax \
    gzip

sudo apt install python-minimal
sudo apt-get install -y xvfb
sudo apt-get install libsdl1.2-dev
sudo apt-get install libglib2.0-dev

chmod +x ppetalinux-v2021.1-final-installer.run
./petalinux-v2021.1-final-installer.run

sudo dpkg-reconfigure dash
```

Ensure shell is using Bash: `sudo dpkg-reconfigure dash`. Select no when prompted.


# DISCLAIMER

THIS SOFTWARE IS COVERED BY A DISCLAIMER FOUND [HERE](../../DISCLAIMER.md).

Commit message:

updating doxygen documentation and comments

docs/build_environment/BuildEnv.md, after:

[![logo](../BytePipe_Logo.png)](../../README.md)

---

# Build Environment

This document describes the build environment for building the BytePipe SDK components.  NextGen RF Design uses Windows 10 for building the HDL and RFLAN components however they can easily be built using a Linux PC.  The Linux components are built using a Linux PC.  The following sections describe the build environment used by NextGen RF Design along with required dependencies.

# Linux PC

There are many Linux distributions and ways to setup a Linux environment including a dedicated machine, virtual machine, or running on top of Windows.  NextGen RF Design uses Ubuntu 18.04.4 running on a dedicated machine for building the Linux application and drivers.  

To install Ubuntu download the 18.04.4 image from [here](http://old-releases.ubuntu.com/releases/18.04.4/).  Next create a bootable USB drive by flashing the downloaded image to the USB drive.  Instructions for flashing a USB drive and installing Ubuntu can be found [here](https://ubuntu.com/tutorials/install-ubuntu-desktop#1-overview).  


Once the Linux system is installed, the following dependencies should be installed as shown below.

```
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt install git
sudo apt-get install build-essential
sudo apt-get install u-boot-tools 
sudo apt install snapd
sudo dpkg-reconfigure dash
```

When running `sudo dpkg-reconfigure dash` select **no** when prompted.  This will disable dash and enable bash.

# Windows PC

For building the HDL on a Windows machine NextGen RF Design uses [Cygwin](https://cygwin.com/install.html).  When installing Cygwin make sure to install the following packages shown below.

```bash
accerciser
alure-utils
checkbashisms
cmake
expect
gcc-tools-epoch2-automake
gnome-python
make
php
ruby
git
wget
unzip
zip
```

# Vivado Design Suite

The Vivado Design Suite from Xilinx must be installed on both the Windows PC and Linux PC.  This repository uses Vivado Design Suite 2021.1.  This can be downloaded and installed from [here](https://www.xilinx.com/support/download/index.html/content/xilinx/en/downloadNav/vivado-design-tools/archive.html).  

If installing vivado on your Linux host machine update the downloaded file to be executable and run.

```
sudo chmod +x Xilinx_Unified_2021.1_0610_2318_Lin64.bin
./Xilinx_Unified_2021.1_0610_2318_Lin64.bin
```

# Vitis

The Vitis Design Suite from Xilinx must be installed on both the Windows PC and Linux PC.  This repository uses Vitis Design Suite 2021.1.  This can be downloaded and installed from [here](https://www.xilinx.com/support/download/index.html/content/xilinx/en/downloadNav/vitis/2021-1.html).


# PetaLinux

The PetaLinux design suite from Xilinx is used to build the Linux Kernel for BytePipe.  PetaLinux must be downloaded and installed on a Linux PC described above.  Once your Linux PC is setup download PetaLinux 2021.1 from the Archive folder [here](https://www.xilinx.com/support/download/index.html/content/xilinx/en/downloadNav/embedded-design-tools/archive.html).  Once PetaLinux is downloaded install the required dependencies followed by PetaLinux itself as shown below.  

Refer to the following petalinux user guide found [here](https://www.xilinx.com/content/dam/xilinx/support/documentation/sw_manuals/xilinx2021_1/ug1144-petalinux-tools-reference-guide.pdf) for additional information.

```
sudo apt-get -y install tofrodos \
    iproute2 \
    gawk \
    make \
    net-tools \
    libncurses5-dev \
    tftpd \
    zlib1g:i386 \
    libssl-dev \
    flex \
    bison \
    libselinux1 \
    gnupg \
    wget \
    diffstat \
    chrpath \
    socat \
    xterm \
    autoconf \
    libtool \
    tar \
    unzip \
    texinfo \
    zlib1g-dev \
    gcc-multilib \
    build-essential \
    screen \
    pax \
    gzip

sudo apt install python-minimal
sudo apt-get install -y xvfb
sudo apt-get install libsdl1.2-dev
sudo apt-get install libglib2.0-dev

chmod +x ppetalinux-v2021.1-final-installer.run
./petalinux-v2021.1-final-installer.run

sudo dpkg-reconfigure dash
```

Ensure shell is using Bash: `sudo dpkg-reconfigure dash`. Select no when prompted.

# Doxygen

Doxygen allows generation of documentation from annotated source code.  The source code documentation is referenced throughout this repository.   Additional information regarding Doxygen can be found [here](https://www.doxygen.nl/index.html).  Download the Doxygen Wizard [here](https://www.doxygen.nl/files/doxygen-1.9.5-setup.exe) to build the Doxygen documentation for this repository. 

To build the doxygen documentation manually launch the Doxygen Wizard and open the configuration file found `src/rflan/.doxyfile` as shown below.  Then select `Run doxygen`.  The outputs will be generated in `workspace/rflan/doxygen`.

![doxygen_01.png](doxygen_01.png)

![doxygen_02.png](doxygen_02.png)


# DISCLAIMER

THIS SOFTWARE IS COVERED BY A DISCLAIMER FOUND [HERE](../../DISCLAIMER.md).
